# Random-Password-Generator

This project is created with the intent to generate a random password for any person wanting a more secure password.

## Technology

HTML, CSS, and Javascript
​​
## Installation

To install this code, pull the files from the repository https://github.com/kddayhoff/Random-Password-Generator
​
## Usage 
​
In order to ensure this code can be viewed correctly, it must be viewed in a web browser, ideally Google Chrome as it has the best compatibility. You can do this using the following link: https://kddayhoff.github.io/Random-Password-Generator/. The password can then be generated by 1) Choosing how many characters you want your password to be. 2) Choosing 4 pieces of criteria, do you want uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and unique characters in your password. At least one of these must be affirmative otherwise your password will only return as "undefined". Which is okay, but not a very good or secure password.

## Credits
​
All the classmates of VU Coding Bootcamp, the TA's Terrance Mahnken, Pete Wanca, and the instructor Alec Downs. Seriously though.

## Contact

kddayhoff@gmail.com
https://github.com/kddayhoff
www.linkedin.com/in/kddayhoff
​
## License
​
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Karla Dayhoff]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
​
​
## Badges
​
Are these like GirlScout Badges? I have a lot of those.
​
​
## Contributing
​
Feel free to make this better. It's like Thoreau's <i>Walden</i>, nothing is original. Take an axe for example, you're not going to reinvent the axe. However, you can always leave it sharper than when you found it.
​
